Rewrite text of assignment 4 (#6)
methodpark/react-workshop: assignment-4.md

# Assignment 4: Application State with Redux

Up to now you have structured your application in a way that holds the state of
the individual components locally. We will now prepare for a global state
handling solution powered by *Redux*.

We'll start out with the state handling itself, *without integrating it into the
React app yet*.

> Create the actions and a reducer for everything that can happen in the app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the actions and reducers for everything that can happen in the app:
```

Author: I was thinking about that, and I think it should be just reducer.

In plain Redux, this thing looks like:

```typescript
export function reducer(climate: ClimateState = initialState, action: ClimateActions): ClimateState {
    switch (action.type) {
        case SET_TEMPERATURE:
            return {
                ...climate,
                temperature: _updateTuple(action.temperature, climate.temperature)
            };
        case SET_HUMIDITY:
             // …
        case RESET:
             // …
        default:
             // …
    }
}                                                                                        
```

So it's just a single reducer.

I assume you had the RTK API in mind, where you indeed pass `reduers` to `createSlice`.  
But we're not there yet.

Reviewer 2: yeah, I think it would only lead to confusion if we write "reducers"

* temperature changes
* humidity changes
* reset of minimum/maximum values

Even though the *Redux* code is not yet an active part of our app, we can still
verify that it works by writing unit tests for it. Remember that *Redux* is
based on pure functions, which is very convenient in tests: the output is always
fully defined by the input.

Focus on tests for the *reducer*, which takes in some state and an action, and
produces a new state as result from that. Think of various scenarios that can

> occur in the app and write them down as test code, asserting the expected new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
occur in the app and write them down as test code, asserting the new expected```

> state after some action happens with a given starting stating.

Reviewer: I would rewrite the last line as follows:

Think of various scenarios that can occur in the app and document them as test code. Starting with a mock initial state, assert the new state matches what is expected after an action has been reduced.

It's much more Reduxy ;-)

Author: Alright, sounds good, but I'll slightly adapt.

Need to drop "mock", as it's not a mock! It's a real state (but not real estate ;-)).

Reviewer 2: badumm tss!

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1330022/100014014-0c724a00-2dd6-11eb-9597-6061bb67518f.png)
